when the blazes made their way home they
found blazer mania waiting with open
arms the city the state the region were
excited that the next three games of
basketball championship were on the
Memorial Coliseum hardwood the blazers
eagerly anticipated the home crowd but
realized there still was work to be done
it's kind of a must get yeah it's gonna
be crazy these people have like I said
they've supported his team and fell in
love with it the last three years and I
hope they're very very loud tomorrow and
I all but more importantly I hope we
give him something to get excited about
that that's the big thing
while game 3 may not have been pretty it
was hotly contested from the very
beginning the series most celebrated
matchup had gone to Jordan in the first
two games but Clyde Drexler was ready to
serve up the spectacular on this day
quite was the high wire act but it was
the Bulls who took charge a 13-2 to run
by Chicago put Portland in a hole in the
second period a hole they would never
get out of
the Blazers shot 36% and managed just 34
points in the second and third quarters
the home team scrapped back from a
15-point deficit to make it a game but
never could get their lethal fast-break
on track both teams played tired but
Chicago got solid performances from
Scottie Pippen Horace Grant and Jordan
to take a two-to-one series lead
winning 94 84 we really were out of
thinking we're gonna have to play much
better than that if we're going to beat
this team we never said it was gonna be
easy we have a lot of respect for the
Bulls and I said it's a tough it's a
tough series and right now we're down to
one and we got our work cut out for us
with a must game on the horizon for
Portland
the Bulls ran through a light workout
knowing they again had control of their
own destiny one of the good practice
today but it's alright to get the sweat
don't worry about that we'll get the
shooting down tomorrow morning one good
four
remember what your mindset is for this
next game coming up rest and
recuperation the Blazers mindset for
Game four was obvious if they were to
have a chance to claim the franchise's
second world championship they had to do
whatever it took to win but it was
Chicago that was first out of the gate
scoring the game's first ten points
as they did so often in this series the
blazers battled back to keep hopes alive
but the man wearing number 23 for
Chicago always seemed to have an answer
and kept the rabbit glacier crowd to a
dough
Portland's shooting woes continue but
from indice hustle led to some easy
chances in the open court and work on
the glass to Portland within striking
distance
Chicago patiently maintained their lead
and with seven and a half minutes to go
in the fourth period got what appeared
to be a break when Jerome Kersey was
called for a flagrant foul
personal foul number three
but instead the call seemed to fire an
emotional blazer team the Bulls scored
just eight points the rest of the way
and Portland found its game Jordan left
the lane change tricks first victim of
the ball hit their own kursi dirty on
the drive to Porter back the trickster
puts it up he's gone the Blazers lead
the Blazers first lead of the game came
with three and a half remaining and they
would not trail again
Portland executed down the stretch and
suddenly the marathon NBA season was
reduced to a sprint to the finish for
the two teams remaining two wins meant a
title
tell me what happened in the last six
minutes
you were so active they couldn't get
into anything you force them out of what
they wanted to do and you never quit we
got one more job to do at home we're not
going to come back without the same back
when we had a knife yeah everybody's got
to come ready
everybody's gotta come ready the next
ones are we're going to take control
this thing okay on Friday if any
shouldn't you come I felt like the way
at the game for like the weaker one this
game is being there for us and we we
blew it right there at the end I mean we
held early throughout the whole game to
last four minutes they gave away but I
let them keep giving these games away
would take home